csharp/bob/README.md, before:

# Bob

Welcome to Bob on Exercism's C# Track.
If you need help running the tests or submitting your code, check out `HELP.md`.

## Introduction

Bob is a [lackadaisical][] teenager.
He likes to think that he's very cool.
And he definitely doesn't get excited about things.
That wouldn't be cool.

When people talk to him, his responses are pretty limited.

[lackadaisical]: https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/lackadaisical

## Instructions

Your task is to determine what Bob will reply to someone when they say something to him or ask him a question.

Bob only ever answers one of five things:

- **"Sure."**
  This is his response if you ask him a question, such as "How are you?"
  The convention used for questions is that it ends with a question mark.
- **"Whoa, chill out!"**
  This is his answer if you YELL AT HIM.
  The convention used for yelling is ALL CAPITAL LETTERS.
- **"Calm down, I know what I'm doing!"**
  This is what he says if you yell a question at him.
- **"Fine. Be that way!"**
  This is how he responds to silence.
  The convention used for silence is nothing, or various combinations of whitespace characters.
- **"Whatever."**
  This is what he answers to anything else.

## Source

### Contributed to by

- @austinlyons
- @bressain
- @delve
- @ErikSchierboom
- @j2jensen
- @jwood803
- @kytrinyx
- @robkeim
- @tomschluter
- @wolf99

### Based on

Inspired by the 'Deaf Grandma' exercise in Chris Pine's Learn to Program tutorial. - https://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=06

Commit message:

Added Benchmark in Bob Exercise

csharp/bob/README.md, after:

# Bob

Welcome to Bob on Exercism's C# Track.
If you need help running the tests or submitting your code, check out `HELP.md`.

## Introduction

Bob is a [lackadaisical][] teenager.
He likes to think that he's very cool.
And he definitely doesn't get excited about things.
That wouldn't be cool.

When people talk to him, his responses are pretty limited.

[lackadaisical]: https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/lackadaisical

## Instructions

Your task is to determine what Bob will reply to someone when they say something to him or ask him a question.

Bob only ever answers one of five things:

- **"Sure."**
  This is his response if you ask him a question, such as "How are you?"
  The convention used for questions is that it ends with a question mark.
- **"Whoa, chill out!"**
  This is his answer if you YELL AT HIM.
  The convention used for yelling is ALL CAPITAL LETTERS.
- **"Calm down, I know what I'm doing!"**
  This is what he says if you yell a question at him.
- **"Fine. Be that way!"**
  This is how he responds to silence.
  The convention used for silence is nothing, or various combinations of whitespace characters.
- **"Whatever."**
  This is what he answers to anything else.

## Performance

You can go to .bobPerformance folder and will find a benchmark done using [BenchmarckDotNet][]. Also you can find the
complete results in BenchmarkDotNet.Artifacts folder.

![img.png](img.png)

[BenchmarkDotNet]: https://benchmarkdotnet.org/index.html

## Source

### Contributed to by

- @austinlyons
- @bressain
- @delve
- @ErikSchierboom
- @j2jensen
- @jwood803
- @kytrinyx
- @robkeim
- @tomschluter
- @wolf99

### Based on

Inspired by the 'Deaf Grandma' exercise in Chris Pine's Learn to Program tutorial. - https://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=06
